Josh Clifford looked at the minuscule kettle in his hands and felt stressed.

He walked over to the window and reflected on his urban surroundings. He had always loved crowded Liverpool with its zealous, zesty zoos. It was a place that encouraged his tendency to feel stressed.

Then he saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the figure of Mavis Ball. Mavis was a snooty coward with brunette abs and ruddy spots.

Josh gulped. He glanced at his own reflection. He was an admirable, malicious, beer drinker with pink abs and red spots. His friends saw him as a decaying, disgusted do gooder. Once, he had even saved a moaning chicken that was stuck in a drain.

But not even an admirable person who had once saved a moaning chicken that was stuck in a drain, was prepared for what Mavis had in store today.

The clouds danced like jumping bears, making Josh relaxed.

As Josh stepped outside and Mavis came closer, he could see the unusual glint in her eye.

"I am here because I want Internet access," Mavis bellowed, in a tight-fisted tone. She slammed her fist against Josh's chest, with the force of 3951 goldfish. "I frigging love you, Josh Clifford."

Josh looked back, even more relaxed and still fingering the minuscule kettle. "Mavis, beam me up Scotty," he replied.

They looked at each other with delighted feelings, like two melted, mouldy maggots skipping at a very cowardly Valentine's meal, which had orchestral music playing in the background and two greedy uncles jumping to the beat.

Suddenly, Mavis lunged forward and tried to punch Josh in the face. Quickly, Josh grabbed the minuscule kettle and brought it down on Mavis's skull.

Mavis's brunette abs trembled and her ruddy spots wobbled. She looked barmy, her body raw like a bloody, bumpy blade.

Then she let out an agonising groan and collapsed onto the ground. Moments later Mavis Ball was dead.

Josh Clifford went back inside and made himself a nice drink of beer.

As Josh got himself a drink, he became worried. He had just killed Mavis. It
was in self-defense, but no one was around to witness Mavis attacking him. And
now his favorite kettle was dented! He also wondered about Mavis asking for
internet access. Was that just a ploy to distract him? Or did she really just
want to use the internet and ended up getting offended by Josh's decaying,
disgusted, malicious, do-gooder appearance?

Josh decided to go lay down in bed as a way to collect his thoughts on today's events.
Mavis asking him about internet access continued to cross his mind but he decided
to not let it get to him any longer. Tomorrow would be a new day. He dediced to take
the opportunity of a new day to change his appearance. He no longer wanted to be the 
usual Josh Clifford with his do-gooder appearance. He just wanted to do whatever he wanted
to do.

Josh Clifford runs from home to escape the cops. He moves to Toronto, Canada
and hides in a gas station bathroom. He had to ask for the clerk to unlock
the bathroom. Josh locked himself in the bathroom and came out to steal the 
snacks of the gas station to satisfy his hunger. He was soon arrested.
The cops tracked his footprints from his home in Liverpool to the airplane
he left in to the gas station bathroom. Josh was sent to prison for stealing
snacks from the gas station after being pronounced innocent for Mavis's
murder. Congratulations Josh.

Josh sat in his solitary confinement cell after a short amount of time. He liked
to cause trouble wherever he went. He had no care for those around him, and
now all he could do was focus on breathing, while the walls closed in upon him.
Congratulations Josh.
Josh went back to his cabin and found out that the bone of mavis was still there bu he thought that's another murder that happened a long time ago. So he 
called the police said he found a body in his old house. Then the criminal mind found a physcopath that killed somebody else and arrest him. Josh then watch the champion league game of livepool and get mad at the stupid mistake livepool made and smash the kettle on the ground that break the floor.Then the house went down and killed him.Rip Josh.  
